crypto: tfm: Add nrf54lc10a to samples and tests (#29861)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/crypto/aes_kw/README.rst

   a. The sample removes both the Key Encryption Key and the unwrapped plain key from the PSA crypto keystore using :c:func:`psa_destroy_key`.

.. note::

>    192-bit AES keys are not supported by the CRACEN driver for nRF54LM20, nRF54LV10A, and nRF54LC10A devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   192-bit AES keys are not supported by the CRACEN driver for nRF54LM20A, nRF54LM20B, nRF54LV10A, and nRF54LC10A devices.
   See also :ref:`ug_crypto_supported_features_aes_key_sizes`.
```
Also update:

- https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/doc/nrf/security/crypto/crypto_supported_features.rst?plain=1#L4189
- https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/doc/nrf/security/crypto/crypto_supported_features.rst?plain=1#L4446
- https://github.com/nrfconnect/sdk-nrf/blob/main/doc/nrf/security/crypto/crypto_supported_features.rst?plain=1#L4933

Do not update tables in crypto_supported_features. I will do it in a separate PR where I will add you as a reviewer.

Author: Done
